com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/BD_SQLiteOpenHelper.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.BD_SQLiteOpenHelper
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/TypeVillaDAO.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.TypeVillaDAO
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/LocatairesConsultDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.LocatairesConsultDetailsActivity
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/Utilisateur.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.Utilisateur
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/TypeVillaConsultActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.TypeVillaConsultActivity
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/EquipementsAjoutActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.EquipementsAjoutActivity
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/Equipement.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.Equipement
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/Equiper.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.Equiper
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/EquipementsConsultActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.EquipementsConsultActivity
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/LocataireDAO.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.LocataireDAO
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/UtilisateurDAO.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.UtilisateurDAO
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/VillaAjoutActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.VillaAjoutActivity
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/MainActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.MainActivity
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.MainActivity$1
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/TypeVilla.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.TypeVilla
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/LocatairesConsultActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.LocatairesConsultActivity
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/LocatairesAjoutActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.LocatairesAjoutActivity
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/EquiperDAO.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.EquiperDAO
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/EquipementDAO.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.EquipementDAO
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/Role.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.Role
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/EquipementsModifierSupprimerActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.EquipementsModifierSupprimerActivity
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/Locataire.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.Locataire
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.BuildConfig
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/RoleDAO.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.RoleDAO
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/Reservation.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.Reservation
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/Villa.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.Villa
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/PropositionActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.PropositionActivity
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.PropositionActivity$1
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.PropositionActivity$2
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.PropositionActivity$3
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/ReservationsConsultDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultDetailsActivity
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultDetailsActivity$3
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultDetailsActivity$4
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/VillaDAO.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.VillaDAO
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/modele/ReservationDAO.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.modele.ReservationDAO
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/ReservationsConsultActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultActivity
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultActivity$1
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultActivity$2
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultActivity$3
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsConsultActivity$4
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/VillaConsultActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.VillaConsultActivity
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.VillaConsultActivity$1
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.VillaConsultActivity$2
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.VillaConsultActivity$3
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.VillaConsultActivity$4
com/example/projgestionimmobiliere/controleur/ReservationsAjoutActivity.java
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsAjoutActivity
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsAjoutActivity$1
 com.example.projgestionimmobiliere.controleur.ReservationsAjoutActivity$2
